Add EDOT narrative docs (#2942)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/get-started/opentelemetry/quickstart/self-managed/index.md

---
navigation_title: Self-managed

> description: Before following the quickstart guides to setup your EDOT deployment, make sure to install your self-managed Elastic Stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Before following the quickstart guides to set up your EDOT deployment, make sure to install your self-managed Elastic Stack.
```

applies_to:
  stack:
  serverless:
    observability:
  product:
    edot_collector: ga
products:
  - id: cloud-serverless
  - id: observability
  - id: edot-collector
---

# Quickstart with a self-managed Elastic Stack

Select the quickstart guide for your environment from the following list:

- [Kubernetes on self-managed](k8s.md)
- [Docker on self-managed](docker.md)
- [Hosts or VMs on self-managed](hosts_vms.md)

> Before following the quickstart guides to setup your EDOT deployment, make sure to [install your self-managed Elastic Stack](/solutions/observability/apm/use-opentelemetry-with-apm.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before following the quickstart guides to set up your EDOT deployment, make sure to [install your self-managed Elastic Stack](/solutions/observability/apm/use-opentelemetry-with-apm.md).
```
